When this was recorded, Brother Bert Mann from North Bend, Washington, was 91 years old.
My parents died when I was 12 years old.
I slept on the cold streets of Chicago, ate out of garbage cans in order to survive.
At age 18, I thought my escape was the army, but the war left me nothing but night.
Then I became a workaholic.
I wasn't there for my family, and I regretted to this day.
I came to North Bend at the age of 69, and I became a walker.
And as I would walk, I got to know people.
And one day, a car pulls up alongside of me, and they offered me some literature.
And I said, well, what is this all about?
What was your home and witnesses?
I immediately said no, because I heard negative things about the witnesses, and I believed them.
But they were persistent, and they were there every week, as I walked.
Once a week, they'd offered me the literature.
And I always said no.
Finally, this is five years went by.
I said, quit being a stubborn mule.
At least read it.
I put the literature down, and at the back side of the literature, the watchtower,
and bowl of letters, which would light a free Bible study.
Caught my eye.
Being a fugal guy from the old school, I never got anything for nothing.
I am going for it.
The brother I studied with was very patient.
And he said, now you can learn the truth, and you can be forgiven.
And I couldn't believe what I was hearing.
I knew, I made a chance to redeem myself.
Well, I certainly wanted, in the worst way, after learning the truth,
I became baptized at 87 years old.
In my wildest dreams, all my friends can't believe it.
Nobody can.
Bert, he's a witness, and he's baptized.
Wow, if he can do it, anybody could.
I'm so grateful I have a new life.
I have an outlook now.
At my age, there's nothing to look at or the four walls.
But now I have brothers and sisters.
I have family.
I have family around the world.
I can go anywhere and be welcome.
I'm in my third year of pioneering.
What a blessing it's been.
I have finally become something.
At 91, I'm teaching other people now what the little that I know.
Thank you, Jehovah.